Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[ Film reel whirring ]
♪♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪♪
So. the idea
is to pay tribute
to some of the greatest
dance moments in film history.
And we immediately thought
of you two.
Oh.
Yes. We would love to.
Huh? Oh.
Great.
One thing. though. We need this
to go to air in two weeks.
Oh.
Two weeks?
Well. technically.
10 days.
10 days? Oh.
Mm. [ Chuckles ]
I'm sorry. but we definitely
can't do that in --
Wait. in 9 days.
but we can do it in 10.
We won't let you down.
[ Sighs ]
We might let you down.
Oh. come on. D.
Let's step into the movies.
We might let you down.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Wow. Okay.
So. not exactly
the Hollywood sound stage
I was imagining.
I don't even think we're
in Hollywood anymore. Jules.
Oh. come on. D.
Seriously.
what were you thinking?
What do you mean
what was I thinking?
Paying tribute to these
legendary dance films
that inspired us to dance?
Is an absolute
dream come true.
It's a huge
amount of pressure.
is what it is.
Oh. okay.
People get months to prepare
for things like this.
We get 10 days?
Whoa. Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
I mean. we have
a whole 10 days.
I don't even know
where to start.
You know what?
This place actually has
some serious potential.
This place is a dump.
No. it's not. Look at this.
We could do like "Chicago."
♪ All that jazz ♪
Your positivity
is annoying me right now.
Oh. my gosh. Derek.
Gene Kelly.
Whoa.
You trying to kill me?
I mean. does it
get me more numbers?
I'm not ready for this one.
Sorry.
We could do --
Ooh. over here.
[ Sighs ]
"Moulin Rouge!"
Yeah. okay.
We got Elvis.
We could do. like.
"Viva Las Vegas" or. like.
ooh. "42nd Street."
Like. ooh. look at the taps.
Or maybe like. uh.
"Cabaret"?
[ Blows ]
[ Coughs ]
♪♪
[ Man vocalizing ]
♪ I'm singin' in the rain.
just singin' in the rain ♪
♪ What a glorious feeling.
I'm happy again ♪
♪ I'm laughing at clouds
so dark up above ♪
♪ The sun's in my heart.
and I'm ready for love ♪
♪ Let the stormy cloud chase
everyone from the place ♪
♪♪
♪ Come on with the rain.
I've a smile on my face ♪
♪ I walk down the lane
with a happy refrain ♪
♪ Just singin'
and dancing in the rain ♪
♪♪
♪ Just singin'
and dancing in the rain ♪
[ Man vocalizing ]
[ Both laugh ]
[ Sighs ]
Oh. Wow.
You know what?
This place isn't that bad.
See? I told ya. D.
But you know we still have
six performances to go. right?
Oh. my gosh.
Thanks for reminding me.
[ Laughs ]
Alright. Now what?
[ Sighs ]
Okay. so.
I'm thinking iconic.
Mirror ball.
Okay.
You in a white suit.
A little bit of this.
I see where you're going
with this.
"Saturday Night Fever."
[ Film reel whirring ]
[ Disco music playing ]
Oh. my gosh.
This move --
I love this move so much.
John Travolta is the man.
[ Laughs ]
Look at the hair.
the dimples.
those hips. though.
Look at those pelvic thrusts!
Oh. my gosh. Do you remember
Dad would get so mad at you
when you were a kid
because of your pelvic thrusts?
Yeah.
Yeah. "We'll have
no pelvic thrusts
in this household. young man."
That is literally your job now.
It is.
Yeah.
Except I don't really
do this. though.
It's too cool. I'm not cool.
John Travolta's cool.
Look. Dad. look. look.
Oh. hey.
How cool is that?
But that's okay.
because I got you covered.
I called Tovaris.
He's going to help choreograph.
So don't worry about it.
You got this. D.
Now leave!
Aah!
Go get ready.
Bye.
[ Clears throat ]
I'm just going to chill
and watch me some Travolta.
♪♪
Come on. Derek!
Tovaris!
Derek!
[ Laughing ] Tovaris.
What's up?
First of all. I need help.
because "Saturday Night Fever."
it's cool.
Yeah.
And I just -- You know.
I'm all ballroom.
I'm all structure.
And what's the technique?
[ Imitates air whooshing ]
Well. what --
What we're gonna
have to do with this
is get more in the body
and the groove. okay?
All about the body waves.
Okay.
It's going to be
all about hips.
Oh.
That '70s kind of chill.
That's gonna be hard for me
to kind of find that.
But you do have help.
I got a partner for you.
-[ Gasps ]
-Jenna!
[ Both screaming indistinctly ]
I'm so excited
to do this with you!
Yo. what a reunion.
Right? So that's right.
Tovaris!
Jenna!
Good to see you!
Oh. my God!
I'm so happy to see you.
I feel like we need to have.
like. more dancers.
Come on in. guys.
We got some dancers.
Dancers! Whoo!
Hey.
What is up. girl?!
We got the crew.
Let's do it.
Let's go!
Whoo!
Hey.
So. "Saturday Night Fever."
you ready?
It's supposed to be fun.
energetic. sexy.
The '70s disco era.
the street was coming
into the dance floor.
Mm.
Let it slide. And that's
kind of your entrance.
Tight. Back. Yeah.
We just need to have a minute
really fast.
'cause this is so major.
It's like the best hour of TV
that's about to happen.
[ Car horns honk in distance ]
♪♪
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
♪ My baby moves at midnight ♪
♪ Goes right on till the dawn ♪
♪♪
♪ My woman takes me higher ♪
♪ My woman keeps me warm ♪
♪♪
♪ What you doin'
on your bed on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ What you doin' on your bed
on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ You should be dancing. yeah ♪
♪ Dancing. yeah ♪
♪ What you doin'
on your bed on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ What you doin' on your bed
on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ You should be dancing. yeah ♪
♪ Dancing. yeah ♪
♪♪
♪ You should be dancing. yeah ♪
♪ You should be
dancing. yeah ♪
♪ You should be dancing. yeah ♪
♪♪
♪ What you doin'
on your bed on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ What you doin' on your bed
on your back? Hey! ♪
♪ You should be dancing. yeah ♪
♪♪
[ Music fades ]
♪ You should be dancing... ♪
Julianne: Oh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh. my gosh.
Oh. wait. That means it's done.
so that means I have to go
and change really quick.
Alright.
What am I going to wear?
♪♪
[ "Grease"-type music playing ]
Man:
5. 6. 7. 8. and hold. 2. 3. 4.
[ "Flashdance"-type
music playing ]
♪♪
[ "All That Jazz" playing ]
[ Electricity crackles ]
♪♪
Alright. so in order to pay
tribute to these iconic movies.
we really
have to get to work.
Yeah.
So let's start with wardrobe.
Okay.
Wardrobe.
costume designer.
Alright.
We need to re-create
and re-imagine.
We need music.
We need musicians.
Okay.
We need to make sure
we do our vocals.
Alright. J--
We need lighting.
We need --
Jules. Jules. slow down.
Slow down for a second.
okay? You --
Okay. calm down.
It's a lot.
It's a lot right now.
Yeah. I get it. okay.
It's a lot of pressure. Okay.
Dancers.
We need 10 dancers.
We need choreographers.
Hold on. just -- Let me just --
Let me just take a break.
Yeah. yeah. sure.
[ Sighs ]
I don't think
we're doing enough.
♪♪
[ Panting ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Hello?
Hey. Derek. are you okay?
Oh. Hi. Kevin Bacon.
I can feel you. Derek.
Uh. what's going on?
Oh. man. I am --
I'm struggling.
I -- You know. we're trying
to do these epic performances.
but I just don't know
if we're doing enough.
Okay. listen up.
You're enough. Hough.
You're right.
I am enough.
Thank you. Kevin Bacon.
I love you. man. Now.
stop with the angsty dancing
and get back to work.
will you?
You got it.
♪♪
Ah.
Hey.
Oh. looks like
you're feeling better.
I just needed
a little Bacon. that's all.
Yeah.
Hey. "Chicago."
"Chicago." You know it.
Oh. my gosh. I love "Chicago."
I love "All That Jazz."
Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Renée Zellweger. I --
Hey. you just said it.
but. uh. two strong
female leads.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
So...
No. no. no. you can
sit this one out.
Oh. I can? Okay.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. No. I --
I got the perfect costar.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah.
♪♪
Hello!
Oh. hello!
[ Both laugh ]
Hi.
Oh. my gosh!
I know. We're going to do this.
We're going to do a thing.
Well. honestly. the last time
we saw each other.
so much has happened.
I know. but what a...
I'm so freakin'. like...
Thank you.
...proud and honored
that you are coming
to do this with us...
Are you kidding?
...during this whole time. too?
Girl. anytime you call.
I will answer.
Yes. I will pick up.
I'm really excited to be here.
We also have. like.
a little surprise.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know about this.
but Rob Marshall
is actually going to. like.
have a conversation with us.
Shut up.
Yeah!
What?!
I know. I'm so pumped.
Wh--
What?!
[ Laughs ]
Which is so great.
Oh. I'm so excited.
I know. so...
I. like -- You don't know this
about me. Like. I love him.
Um. I do. too.
Like. slight obsessed --
Obsession. It's not well.
Well. we're going to just
have a little lovefest
and -- and freak out
on him. then.
It's all good.
It's gonna be great. No. I'm --
We're gonna play it cool.
We could be cool.
I could be cool.
We'll be cool.
Hi!                          Hi!
Hi. What a thrill to see you
and meet you guys over Zoom.
I can't believe you're here.
You're talking to us.
I can't believe
the two of you are here.
You're too busy to be here.
What's going on?
Oh. no.
Oh. no. We will make the time
for you. sir. Absolutely.
Make the time.
We are absolutely beyond honored
and so grateful
that you took the time
to speak to us.
We are reimagining
"All That Jazz" from "Chicago."
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
And so we want to pay tribute
and honor and celebrate
what you have created...
Mm-hmm.
...as well as bring in
a new generation of people...
Yes.
who may have never seen it.
And thank God you are.
I mean. don't forget.
musicals grew
out of the Depression.
We need to be lifted
from our everyday life.
We need that joy. We need
that escape and that beauty.
And that's what
you two will bring.
I mean.
triple threats are so rare.
and the fact
that the two of you
can sing. dance. and act
the way you do.
I mean.
it's just so incredible.
And. you know.
the only thing I would say
is that a lot of
triple threat performers
are putting it out there
so big.
I feel like you need
to let them come to you
as if you have
an internal secret.
Let them come to you.
You draw them in.
That's your power.
Oh. my God.
Thank you so much.
And you're going to be
perfection in it.
so just enjoy it.
♪♪
Man: 5. 6. 7. 8.
♪ Come on. babe.
why don't we paint the town? ♪
♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ I'm gonna rouge my knees
and roll my stockings down ♪
♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Start the car.
I know a whoopee spot ♪
♪ Where the gin is cold
but the piano's hot ♪
♪ It's just a noisy hall
where there's a nightly brawl ♪
♪ And all that ♪
♪ Jazz ♪
♪ Skidoo ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Hotcha ♪
♪ Whoopee ♪
♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Slick your hair
and wear your buckle shoes ♪
♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ I hear that Father Dip
is gonna blow the blues ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Hold on. hon.
we're gonna bunny-hug ♪
♪ I bought some aspirin
down at United Drug ♪
♪ In case we shake apart
and want a brand new start ♪
♪ To do that ♪
♪ Jazz ♪
♪ Come on. babe.
why don't we paint the town? ♪
♪ Oh. you're gonna see
your Sheba shimmy shake ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ I'm gonna rouge my knees
and roll my stockings down ♪
♪ Oh. she's gonna shimmy
till her garters break ♪
♪ And all that jazz. yeah ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Oh. start the car.
I know a whoopee spot ♪
♪ Show her where
to park her girdle ♪
♪ Where the gin is cold
but the piano's hot ♪
♪ Oh. her mother's
blood will curdle ♪
♪ It's just a noisy hall ♪
♪ Where there's
a nightly brawl ♪
♪ And all that ♪
[ Whispering ] Jazz.
♪♪
♪ No. I'm no one's wife.
but ♪
♪ Oh. I love my life and ♪
♪ All ♪
♪ That ♪
♪ Jazz ♪
♪ That jazz ♪
♪♪
Whoo! Yeah!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
[ Laughter ]
Oh.
Yo. you guys.
You guys are unbelievable.
That was amazing.
I can't wait to keep dancing
and singing and acting with you.
Mm. Yep.
We're going to do more things.
Oh. yeah.
Speaking of more things.
let's go do some more things.
More things.
Love you.
We got to go do --
Good luck!
Oh. my gosh!
Oh. my God!
What's up?
We're just so honored
and thrilled
that you decided to do this with
us. 'cause you are the queen...
Yeah.
...for this generation.
Well. I'm excited
to get into it.
Once I heard about this. I was
like. "I can't not do this."
Yeah. yeah. yeah!
That was good.
♪♪
[ Electricity crackles ]
This is so exciting.
We're actually going to go
and meet Baz Luhrmann
for the first time ever!
I feel like I'm always
referencing Baz Luhrmann.
because his style. his energy.
I can put -- We're actually --
Okay. I think it just hit me
that we're going to go meet him
right now.
This is amazing.
[ Laughs ]
Do you call him Baz?
Bazzy? Mr. Luhrmann?
Oh. geez. Derek.
"Hello. Luhrmann."
Do not try to do
an Australian accent.
Alright. we're rolling up soon.
Let me get my Chap Stick on.
'cause my lips are a little
chapped right now if I'm honest.
I'm just sweating. I have. like.
a mustache of sweat right now.
Here we are.
Chateau Marmont.
Hello!
Hey.
Hi.
Wow.
Hi. Julianne. How are you?
Oh. so wonderful.
How are you?
Look at you. You're beautiful.
Nice to see you.
How are you. man?
Great to see you. man.
Mr. Luhrmann.
Yes.
Baz.
We're so excited.
We're honored.
It is a pleasure to meet you
and also just to hear
everything that you're doing.
and we want to share
what we're doing
and how you have
inspired us.
And by the way.
"Strictly Ballroom."
thank you. because it's given us
our starts in our careers.
Yes.
"Strictly Ballroom"
blew our minds completely.
because that was our life.
Yeah.
We grew up dancing
mainly ballroom and Latin.
It really has inspired us
big-time.
Thank you.
So. we're actually going to be
doing "Roxanne" for the show.
Really excited about it.
It's one of the most iconic
moments in "Moulin Rouge!"
that we're just so excited
to re-create.
Well. you know.
the idea of reinterpreting...
Mm-hmm.
...that's one
of the great things I see
in TikTok dance. you know?
Someone takes an idea.
and five seconds later.
someone else has done
something else with it.
Yeah.
How do you reengage
an audience to it?
What's your thoughts there?
I really do think of.
you know. having these
really strong females...
Yeah.
...you know. three of them
representing different sides
of a relationship.
sort of being enveloped
by this tornado of --
of character. of drama.
I mean. all the things that we
feel when we hear that music.
Mm.
Be interesting to see
where you take
that level of darkness
in the interpretation.
Yeah.
I always think what's great
about dance and song
is that they exalt us
and amplify
where words.
simple words. limit us.
Can't quite -- Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So I'm just really thrilled
to see what you do with it.
Anyway. guys.
I can't wish you too much.
Thank you so much.
Appreciate it.
What an honor.
Very cool.
So you guys take care.
Thank you so much.
Lots of love. Ciao.
Thank you. [ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Typewriter key clacks ]
Derek: Yes!
Derek. have you
been here all night?
Oh. man. I've just been
so inspired
after that meeting with Baz.
I have all these thoughts
and all these ideas.
Yeah.
And I feel pretty good
about it.
You know. I have the
choreography. the dancing.
But there's something missing.
There's something --
He said to reimagine it.
not to copy.
but to sort of move forward
in the future. and I'm like --
Yeah. yeah. for sure.
I don't know.
Well. honestly.
when I was in the meeting.
I was so inspired.
And. I don't know. to make it.
like. a little different.
more reimagined.
I think it would be kind of cool
to have a female vocalist.
That's a great idea. actually.
Right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. just --
Just somebody with. like.
presence and power
and just. like. a voice
that would just tell that story.
I need to make a phone call.
[ Laughs ] Okay.
But thank you.
You're welcome.
That was what was missing.
That is what I'm here for!
I love you so much.
I got you. D!
Also. you know there is nothing
on this paper. right?
Okay.
I just like the sound. Jules.
Let me be.
The...
end.
This performance is going to be
spectacular. spectacular.
♪♪
The Moulin Rouge.
Where love is born.
♪♪
Desire takes over.
And betrayal drives you mad.
♪♪
♪ Will drive you. will
drive you. will drive you ♪
Mad!
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪♪
♪ You don't have to
put on that red light ♪
♪♪
♪ Walk the streets for money ♪
♪ You don't care if it's wrong
or if it is right ♪
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪♪
♪ You don't have to wear
that dress tonight ♪
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪♪
♪ You don't have to
sell your body to the night ♪
♪♪
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪ Why does my heart cry? ♪
♪ You don't have to
put on that dress tonight ♪
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪ Feelings I can't fight ♪
♪ You don't have to
sell your body to the night ♪
♪ Roxanne ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪♪
[ Electricity crackles ]
Derek. honestly.
"Roxanne" was amazing.
Thank you.
It was incredible.
and I know how hard
you worked on it...
Thanks.
...and I think Baz
would be very proud.
Thank you. Jules.
I appreciate it.
Yeah. Of course.
And you know what?
This is actually turning out
pretty good.
Finally!
I know! Alright?
Yeah.
Alright.
So what's next. then?
We need a little romance.
maybe a little nostalgia.
something familiar
that we all know...
Yeah.
...but maybe doing it
in a new and different way.
Okay. I like that.
So here's what
I'm thinking.
Ready?
Oh.
"Beauty and the Beast."
Yes.
That's a great choice. Jules.
I love this so much. 'cause
I remember watching it as a kid.
and it was so mind-blowing.
Yes.
But as an adult. you watch it
through a whole new lens...
Yes.
...of. like. vulnerability
and strength.
And that's just. like. all
the dynamics of a relationship.
And. you know.
nobody is really one thing.
We're so many different things.
So. like. the Beast
is really just having this mask
of what's going on underneath.
So you're the Beast
clearly in this. right?
Did you not hear
anything I just said?
No.                          No.
Who you thinking
for your leading guy?
Harry Shum.
Ooh. Harry --
Yeah. you know. he's --
Harry's an awesome dancer.
He's an amazing dancer.
but he's an incredible actor.
And he's great --
He is. I'm looking
forward to this.
I know.
I'm so excited.
It's going to be so much fun.
[ Squeals ]
Thank you so much
for being here.
I'm actually really excited
to get your input.
because I think that
this is an opportunity
to combine
both of our styles.
And this number specifically
was really important to me
because
"Beauty and the Beast"
was. like. one of
my childhood favorites.
Harry: Yeah. I mean.
watching it as a kid
and then watching it
as a grown-up.
you know. there's two different
meanings. As you get older.
you start to understand Beast
and Belle a little more and --
Mm-hmm.
Have more compassion for them.
Have more compassion.
Yeah.
And knowing you have to go
through this journey together
is the beauty of it.
and there is going to be
a little bit of the beast
in the relationship.
Totally.
♪♪
♪ Tale as old as time ♪
♪ True as it can be ♪
♪♪
♪ Barely even friends ♪
♪ Then somebody bends ♪
♪ Unexpectedly ♪
♪♪
♪ Just a little change ♪
♪ Small. to say the least ♪
♪ Both a little scared ♪
♪ Neither one prepared ♪
♪ Beauty and the Beast ♪
♪ Ever just the same ♪
♪ Ever a surprise ♪
♪ Ever as before ♪
♪ And ever just as sure ♪
♪ As the sun will rise ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪♪
♪ Tale as old as time ♪
♪ Bittersweet and strange.
finding you can change ♪
♪ Learning you were wrong ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Certain as the sun ♪
♪ Rising in the east ♪
♪ Tale as old as time ♪
♪ Song as old as rhyme ♪
♪ Beauty and the ♪
♪ Beast ♪
♪♪
Derek: Whoo! Yeah!
[ Cheers and applause ]
My man Harry is killing it
right now.
dancing with my sister.
Harry: Thank you.
So good.
Listen. we have so many
more surprises to come.
-Okay. everybody.
-So don't go anywhere.
But I got to go somewhere.
'cause I got to so get ready.
So. uh. yeah. Bye.
Action!
♪♪
♪ Hard work ♪
♪ Gotta love it
'cause it takes my time ♪
♪ Hard work ♪
♪ Gotta love it
'cause it takes hard work ♪
♪ Hard work ♪
♪ Go to work
just to make a dime ♪
♪ Hard work ♪
♪ Gotta love it
'cause it takes hard work ♪
♪ Hard work ♪
[ Glass shatters ]
♪♪
[ Electricity crackles ]
♪ I think about that day I left
him at a Greyhound station ♪
♪ West of Santa Fé.
we were 17. but he was... ♪
I love this film.
I do. too.
I remember when it came out.
I was like.
"Oh. this is
going to be iconic."
And it's cool. because
it's like a new musical...
Yeah.
...that we haven't seen
before.
But it paid homage
so perfectly
to all those amazing
dancing duos.
Yeah.
You know.
what's old is new.
It's timeless.
You look at those films.
and you're just like.
"That holds up."
You can see the dancing --
clearly.
they got inspiration from
all those amazing dynamic duos.
So for this. we pay homage
to the dancing duos.
[ Gasps. squeals ]
I'm raising my hand.
Julianne Hough.
I'm ready. Okay.
We should actually
get guest stars to come
and. like. be part of it.
Yeah.
So that way. we call up
all our friends and --
Okay.
I just put Fred and Ginger
up there.
You have to have
Fred and Ginger.
Iconic.
Gene Kelly.
Cyd Charisse.      Cyd Charisse.
Who could play her?
I think you --
[ Laughing ]
'Cause I don't have those legs.
What do you think about
when you think about Cyd?
Well. like. legs for days.
like...
Extension.
...major extension.
You know who is
an amazing dancer?
Tate McRae.
She started as a dancer.
She's incredible.
Who are some other
iconic duos?
Ann-Margret?
You know
I love me some Ann.
Doing Ann-Margret. What is
this move? What does she do?
Mm!
She's just --
She's just wild.
She's free.
You would crush that.
You'd crush that.
And of course. Elvis.
"Viva Las Vegas"?
"Viva Las Vegas."
When I think of Ann-Margret...
That scene.
I literally think
of this scene in this movie.
"Viva Las Vegas."
And that sweatshirt.
Alright. so if you're
Ann-Margret.
then who's your Elvis?
Wasn't. like. John Stamos.
like --
John Stamos!
Wait. Jesse from. like.
"Full House." he was
obsessed with Elvis.
But I think that
that wasn't his character.
I think that he just actually
is obsessed with Elvis.
Really? Okay.
Yeah.
Well. maybe
we should call him.
Put that one down.
Yes. he would be fantastic.
John.
Oh. Nicholas Brothers --
I have the perfect guys
for Nicholas Brothers.
Great.
Sean and John.
They're twins.
They're --
They were inspired by them.
They're incredible.
I -- They're amazing.
Alright. if we --
If we get this right.
this could be magical.
[ Woman vocalizing ]
♪♪
♪ I think about that day I left
him at a Greyhound station ♪
♪ West of Santa Fé.
we were 17 ♪
♪ But he was sweet
and it was true ♪
♪ Still I did what I had to do ♪
♪ 'Cause I just knew ♪
♪ I hear 'em every day ♪
♪ The rhythms in the canyons
that'll never fade away ♪
♪ The ballads in the barrooms
left by those who came before ♪
♪ They say. "You gotta
want it more" ♪
♪ So I bang on every door ♪
♪ And even when
the answer's no ♪
♪ Or when my money's
running low ♪
♪ The dusty mic and neon glow
are all I need ♪
♪ And someday
as I sing my song ♪
♪ A small-town
kid'll come along ♪
♪ That'll be the thing
to push him on and go. go ♪
♪ Climb these hills.
I'm reaching for the heights ♪
♪ And chasing
all the lights that shine ♪
♪ The lights that shine ♪
♪ And when they let you down ♪
♪ It's another day of ♪
♪ You'll get up off the ground ♪
♪ 'Cause it's another day of ♪
♪ 'Cause morning rolls around ♪
♪ And it's another day of sun ♪
♪♪
♪ When they let you down ♪
♪ The morning rolls around ♪
♪ It's another day of sun ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
♪♪
[ Car horns beeping
rhythmically ]
♪ It's another day of sun ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo! Whoo!
Whoo!
"Dirty Dancing."
this is the finale.
-Oh. yeah.
-This is the end.
This is gonna close the show.
So no pressure.
1. 2. 3.
Hey. and. whoo.
Nice.
Yeah. girl.
I think you're amazing.
I'm so happy
that you're here.
and you're just
going to crush this.
♪♪
[ Electricity crackles ]
Do you know what film has
the best finale dancing?
What?
"Dirty Dancing."
Ooh! Yes. it does.
Hey. look at Baby.
Look at that.
[ Sighs ]
Jennifer Grey.
Oh.
You know I danced with her.
right?
I know you did.
The OG Baby.
Oh. my gosh.
Patrick Swayze.
Oh. man. so cool.
Oh. man.
Oh. here's the lift.
Oh!                          Oh.
And...
Ahhh!
There it is.
We have to find a way
to put that in.
Honestly.
this is going to be epic.
and if we pull this off.
this is. like.
sensational way
to end the show.
♪♪
Yo. we better
get our stuff together
before Kenny --
Kenny Ortega gets here.
That's true. that's true.
-♪ Just remember ♪
-I was like --
-Okay.
-[ Gasps ]
-Yay!
-Kenny!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo! Hey!
Kenny!
Having Kenny come in just feels
like the absolute cherry on top.
What is happening?
Derek: We're dancing.
I know you are.
Julianne:
We're dirty dancing.
What a wonderful. wonderful.
wonderful idea.
Whoo!
And thank you for letting me be
a part of it
and my work live on and --
Oh. my gosh.
So awesome.
So. you know Chris Scott.
of course.
The man. the myth.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah. what an honor
to have you here doing this.
Oh. my God. this is
highlight of my life.
It's really
the time of my life.
This has been --
Yeah. it's really been amazing.
and we get to perform it
for you right now. so...
♪ Just remember ♪
-Go! Hey!
-Hey!
30 years ago. you know.
I was invited to do this movie.
And to be sitting here
all these years later...
Come on! Hey!
...with Chris Scott
and Derek and Julianne.
it's just amazing.
As you're doing this.
remember it was invitational.
And so when you're looking
at your partner. you know.
it's not flying through it.
Look at your partner.
and what you're doing
is you're communicating.
You're talking.
The energy is magnificent.
but you don't want
the energy to eclipse
the sort of sensuality
and conversation
that's happening
in the piece.
I know you guys
have heard it all.
and you've heard it
from. you know.
some mighty. mighty people.
But. you know.
you are responsible
for bringing dance back
in the most glorious
and fantastic way.
And we haven't seen that since
the golden days of Hollywood.
No one ever thought
it would happen again.
And then you guys came along.
And standing here
with the three of you
is just mind-blowing.
[ Voice breaking ]
Really moving. Thank you.
-Oh.
-Yeah. oh.
Thank you.
I feel the same way.
Give me a hug. Get in.
Get in here!
Derek:
Get in here. everybody!
Get in here. tight!
It's going to be wonderful.
I can't wait.
Wow. I can't believe
we made it.
I -- [ Chuckles ]
We're literally here
at the end of the night.
the last performance.
And we did it.
I know.
And what were you thinking.
by the way.
trying to do this
in 10 days?
That was crazy.
Uh. whatever.
I would never steer you wrong.
Yeah.
And I know things.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm just saying.
Can you believe. though.
watching all these movies.
all these dances
that inspired us...
Mm-hmm.
...since we were kids at home --
when we were kids?
And we're here.
And we did it.
And I honestly wouldn't have
wanted to do it
with anybody else.
Mm.
I love you.
I love you. too. D.
Alright.
I have chills. because
I feel like this is the time
where. in the past.
I was like.
"I was born
in the wrong decade."
and we got to actually
re-create all these moments.
And live in
those moments. yeah.
And I feel the same way.
Yeah. Alright.
Thank you. Well --
Well. one more left.
Let's do it.
Alright. Well. let's
make this one to remember.
Let's go.
Alright. Have fun.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Static crackles ]
♪♪
♪ Now I've had
the time of my life ♪
♪ No. I never
felt like this before ♪
♪ Yes. I swear.
it's the truth ♪
♪ And I owe it all to you ♪
♪ 'Cause I've had
the time of my life ♪
♪ And I owe it all to you ♪
♪♪
♪ I've been waiting
for so long ♪
♪ Now I've finally found someone
to stand by me ♪
♪♪
♪ We saw the writing
on the wall ♪
♪ As we felt
this magical fantasy ♪
♪♪
♪ Now with passion
in our eyes ♪
♪ There's no way we could
disguise it secretly ♪
♪♪
♪ So we take each other's hand ♪
♪ 'Cause we seem to understand
the urgency ♪
♪ Just remember ♪
♪ You're the one thing ♪
♪ I can't get enough of ♪
♪♪
♪ So I'll tell you
something ♪
♪ This could be love.
because ♪
♪ I've had the time of my life ♪
♪ No. I never
felt this way before ♪
♪ Yes. I swear. it's the truth ♪
♪ And I owe it all to you ♪
♪ Hey. baby ♪
♪♪
♪ Now. I've ♪
♪ I've ♪
♪ Had the time
of my life ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ No. I never
felt this way before ♪
♪ Never felt this way ♪
♪ Yes. I swear ♪
♪ It's the truth ♪
♪ And I owe it all to you ♪
♪ I've had
the time of my life ♪
♪ No. I never
felt this way before ♪
♪ Never felt this way ♪
♪ Yes. I swear ♪
♪ It's the truth ♪
♪ And I owe it all to you ♪
♪ 'Cause I've had
the time of my life ♪
♪ The time of my life ♪
♪ And I've searched
through every open door ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Till I found the truth ♪
Thank you. everybody!
Thank you so much!
Whoo!
Whoo! We did it!
We did it.
Hey!
Hey. So...
What do you want
to step into next?
I have a few ideas.
[ Laughs ]
Here. Gene Kelly. come on.
Oh. geez!
Oh. my God!
It's just so much fun.
This is a dream.
♪♪
♪ I've had ♪
Amber!
I knew you were going
to do something --
Amber Riley!
Aah. Ooh --
Flippy. real flippy.
♪ No. I never
felt this way before ♪
[ Laughs ]
♪ We love you ♪
I love you guys. I love you
guys. Let's make things forever.
Mwah.
♪ I will be a kid forever ♪
[ Laughs ]
Derek: My body hurts.